Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Watch!
It's falling!
Ahhh!
We only found six.
Yeah well, what're gonna do?
He said there would be seven
chests of treasure on board.
We have to find the seventh.
Here's the seventh.
Skuddle her then.
Skuddle her!
She's done!
Mercy. Please.
Get yourself aboard.
Your rum's here.
Come on, move, lads. Let's move!
Hurry it up. We'll all drown
if you're not quick about it
porky!
I can't hold on for long
jump in the lot of you!
We stowed seven chests
just as you said, sir.
We didn't need to give him all seven
we could have kept one
chest for ourselves.
And have 'em turn
the British Navy after us?
You want a rope 'round
your neck do ya, Porky?
James Hargreaves?
Mother of God!
Quiet now, lad.
Captain Johnson!
I'd heard tell you were back
The town's in a tizzy.
So say my men. What the devil
was going on out at the point earlier?
His men took a ship's treasure and.
And drowned all aboard. I know
I need you to show me
just where they were.
Will you do it?
To night?
When I've finished me chores
I'll be quick as I can!
The tide allows you
in only twice a year.
Otherwise it's a surge in under there.
Struck the water when they
were building the foundation of it.
That's how he knew about it. There.
Damn me
I saw a formation like
that once south of Krakatoa.
Magical. Perfect
I'll have to be quick to catch her.
Catch her. Why?
That's his ship.
Aye, it is, and he runs it rough
shod over our earth for his profit
showing no concern
for the plight of man.
He needs a comeuppance,
James, him up there, him and his ilk.
There's no room for those
pitiless gentlemen in this life, lad.
They have their law
I have mine.
He'll pay for what he takes
What is, is.
Mark me what is, is!
Skedaddle now.
Thank you
God be with you.
Watch that horizon in an hour or two
I'll light up the sky for you.
An hour we'll be broadside of her.
Prepare the men, Mr. Syce.
Break loose the cannon
We'll blanket her to port.
At the water line. Aim to sink her.
Sink her?
Sink her. We'll let them see what a
how do you do with Davy Jones is like
aim to sink her.
Ready
ready!
Fire
fire!
You sank 'em, Sir. Without mercy.
You didn't hear their
merciless talk, Mister Syce.
Them's Seamen that don't belong in
the Brotherhood of Pirates.
They belong in Hell.
Them and their
wretched master up there.
And I hope he saw it all.
We'll not be back in Grey Rocks then.
Heh...
There'd be few who'd welcome us
South, south west
south, south west!
Will this voyage of yours
ever end, sir?
I signed on for centuries, Mr. Syce.
It's my god given task.
Consider yourself lucky it's not yours.
You're fond of that port, Mr. Syce.
Aye, Captain, that I am.
As am I, Mr. Syce. As am I.
And it'll be a work of great passion
when its time for me comes to pass
but it's not calling me now.
Not yet. In a century or two, m'thinks.
When the wind with the name of Grey
Rocks' on it brings me in there.
Bye Mom.
Bye Meg.
Caw! Caw!
Morning Jim.
Good morning, Mr. Freelove!
Mornin' Jim.
Hi, uncle Robin.
You're late for school.
First bell hasn't gone yet.
You going up home for breakfast?
Cup of coffee, maybe.
Mother's made pancakes.
A milkshake for breakfast?
It's supper, just finished my shift.
Now you're late.
See ya.
This month, she won't make it.
Can't make it
Doesn't have the wherewithal.
Then it'll be ours.
You're just going
to pour money into it.
Then it'll pour money into me.
My father doesn't think so.
Your father's a Presbyterian minister.
The most he knows about money
is from a collection plate.
That's going to be
a Resort Hotel, Mona
I'm going to turn this
town in to a paradise.
Everybody's going to come here
I'll make a killing!
Where's the dog?
He follows Todd to school.
Two topics, kids One.
Nova Scotia and Confederation.
Why do some Nova Scotian flags fly at
half mast on Dominion Day July First?
Why did the nova
Scotian Assembly in 1868
- vote to withdraw from Confederation.
- Stop it.
And why has it
never been rescinded?
Or two Pirates in Nova Scotia
Scourge or Saviors?
I want a report on one of
these two topics in two weeks.
Five pages
no!
No, Master Hawkins? Really? No?
You won't do the assignment?
Is it because you've run out of ink?
Clean it up.
May I help Jim clean his desk up?
Yes, indeed you may
Todd?
Yes, sir?
You may clean up the floor.
He's determined to take
this place away from me
Roy Moehner's a determined man.
He's angling to get the whole
town and from what I hear
he might just get it if
he plays his cards right
Meg?
Any coffee left?
On the counter
I'll get it.
Did I say something to offend her?
Heavens, no.
It's because it's the morning and
the girl's spent all night dreaming
she's gadding about in Dublin or Paris
or someplace fancy and
she can't seem to manage
to get herself back to Grey
Rocks till around noon.
Tell her next time
she goes on a trip over there
to take a lesson on how to
make coffee. This is awful
Robin Hawkins!
Saw Jim. He seems cheerier
not really. Seven years now Bill's gone
and he suffers the loss of him
like it was the day they told us.
For Bill's sake
we can't let roy moehner
have this place.
Can't...
Why did you go and get
yourself killed, Bill Hawkins?
What's this poor woman
to do without you?
What in God's name
am I going to do?
I didn't know Nova Scotia
wanted to withdraw from Canada.
That's really dumb
What'd they think we'd do?
My grandmother says
we're a shrimp on a plate of shrimps
but we think we're a lobster.
My dad was Canadian Navy.
He got himself killed for Canada
not for Nova Scotia.
You're going to write your
essay on separation?
Yes. Sure. Better than on pirates.
Pirates come from the sea.
Them and the sea
is what I'm writing about.
You got the Howard Pyle
book from the library?
He did the drawings for Robin Hood
I know. I gotta go do my chores.
See you later, alligator.
In a while, crocodile.
Good dog, Grendel. Sic him!
Oh no!
AHH!
Jim!
Mrs. Oickle, let me stay
a couple of minutes, please?
The Moehner's dog is trying to kill me.
Grendel?
Grendel. Good dog.
Go home. You hear me?
Home now.
That dog wouldn't hurt you.
Yes, he would. Todd Moehner's
trained him to attack me.
Don't be silly Todd's just upset
because he failed last year.
You go home now, sweetie.
Say hi to your mum
Tell her you need new shoes.
What's that all over them?
Todd spilled ink on them.
Ink?
Yeah.
Mom?
Mrs. Oickle says to say hi.
She said to tell you
I need a new pair of shoes.
She would, that one.
She must want those fancy
seamless stockings!
Meg!
Mom, did you know Nova Scotia
wanted to get out of Confederation?
Newfoundland, you mean.
Nova Scotia. In 1868
I smell something burning.
And it's not from the fire you were
supposed to have had lit by now.
Do your chores
boy. People're coming
I'm going to write
an essay about pirates!
Your dad had some books on them
I got this one! It's extraordinary.
Extraordinary?
Howard Pyle! Lots of pictures!
Whoa!
Ah!
Holy cow.
A sailboat! In from off shore!
Put your slicker on!
There's a pirate at the helm!
You've gone off your rocker, boy!
You better get that essay done.
Oh, no!
Give us a hand, lad
grab the line there
James?
Jim, sir
Jim, is it?
Damn me, trick o'the light.
It's your eyes, lad
you got the eyes of a boy
I knew once upon a time.
Thought I was seeing his ghost
cause I see ghosts from time to time.
Happens to fellows
who sail alone at sea.
You know much about ghosts, Jim?
No, sir, not really sir.
Get me warm upstairs
and I'll introduce you to
some of the ghosts I know.
Yes, sir. Yes.
Couple of centuries've
been hard on her.
Sir?
The house up there.
That's our inn.
An inn, is it?
Do you think they'll have
a bed for a seafaring man?
Yes, sir.
And a meal?
My mother's just cooking supper.
Then give us a hand here and we'll.
What fortuitous chance.
Chance?
Aye, lad, chance
I'd set course for Boston
and the storm blew me in here.
What's this place called?
Grey Rocks, sir.
Grey Rocks is it?
Lucky I wasn't on 'em, eh?
I thought you were on 'em for sure
Meg, this is.
Captain Charles Johnson, Ma'am.
Get in here out of the weather.
The two of you'll
freeze the house out.
You're soaked through, Jimmy.
He'll catch his death.
Get yourself dry and changed, son.
The Captain wants to rent a room
I've got the cash to cover my stay.
Get out of those wet things, boy
the young lady's right
Meg, is it?
Yes. She's Meg And I'm
Jim's mother Kerstin Hawkins.
We'd be more than
happy to have you stay.
JIM!!
Do you have a change of clothes?
I'm a duck's back, Mrs. Hawkins.
Since forever. If you could get
my coat dry, that'd satisfy
I'll warm my feet
by the fire, if I may?
Fire's gone out
I can get it going for you.
Fire...
How'd you do that?
I blew on it
I know you blew on it!
But how'd you do it?
How'd you get it to light
like that so fast?
I work with the devil, Meg.
He gives me a hand
from time to time
Robin. Tom
Captain Charles Johnson.
Tom Banks
Robin Hawkins.
You'll need to be seeing my papers.
Not us, Customs.
Before they'll give you
permission to land.
Damn. And I was
just getting warm
I've notified the authorities in Halifax
and we're to confine you here at
the inn 'til they come down Monday.
This isn't a port of entry.
Must leave everything on the boat
Hawkins, is it?
Corporal Hawkins
you're Jim's father?
His uncle.
My husband's ship was
torpedoed by a German U boat.
All hands lost.
Ma'am...
That's the finest piece of sailing
I've seen my whole life.
The whole town's abuzz, Captain.
Am I allowed in town for a hair cut?
Bit embarrassed being here
in this establishment looking like this.
That can't do any harm.
But only the necessaries off
the boat. Til they inspect it.
Hi, Jim.
Hi, Uncle Robin. Mr. Banks.
Who lit the fire?
I did. My bones are ice.
Do you gentlemen mind
if I go back to it?
No, sorry, go ahead. Sit a spell.
You must be froze stiff.
What's your line a'work, Mr. Banks?
Tom. That's my shipyard out there.
He's our harbour master
It was his flare lit you up.
Kerstin
I have to get back to my rounds.
And me to the Missus.
She'll be wondering
where I've got myself to
I've been clear, Captain?
You can go into town
to get cleaned up
but until Immigration permits, you
aren't legally allowed to be ashore.
Absolutely nothing'll
be coming off the boat!
Scout's honour
I'll get supper on its way to you
You must be starved.
Famished, ma'am.
And you?
Your homework done?
I was going to ask
the Captain a question!
Don't be a shilly shally.
Go up and get it done
Supper's nearly ready.
Let me see if I can give a hand.
He has to do it himself.
Sit, lad. If your homework's algebra
you're plumb out of luck.
It's my essay. It's about pirates.
Pirates is it? Modern ones
or the ones from years gone by?
There're modern ones?
Aye, lad. They're the Capitalists.
The profiteers and the tycoons
that get called gentlemen
but pirates is what actually they are.
Oh, boy. Mr. Herkes's
not gonna like that.
Hmff...
So which Pirates do you think your
Mr. Herkes had in mind?
The ones with the treasure
the thieves!
The thieves, is it?
That's not much help
to this old man, son
18th Century?
Better. But if you don't mind
we'll wait a while
before we hand down
judgments about who're the thieves.
Yes, sir.
Captain's dinner's ready, Jim.
Go help your mother with the plates.
- But I was.
- Just going to help your
mother with the plates.
Could I trouble you for a rum?
You'll be drinking a lot of rum?
I hope so.
But don't get that little red
head of yours in a tizzy.
It'll all be paid in full come Monday.
Just mark it down.
Oh, you watch it, you!
My little red" head II
take yours off in a flash!
That'd be an Irish flash, would it?
And no bamboozling that boy! Hear?
I know the kind of man you are!
I just bet you do. The rum, Miss...
O'Leary
O'Leary, is it?
Meg O'Leary
I think she's in love with me!
Shepherd's Pie's perfect
Mrs. Hawkins.
Really hits the spot.
Nothing like a good meal
before you set off on a trip.
You're going away?
No!
Please!
Not me. You and me.
The two of us'll be going.
Oh.
Maybe.
If you eat your peas
finish your food.
Good rum?
You never tasted it?
Heh... No!
You smoke?
NO!
Rum's really good
You want a sip?
No, thank you.
Good decision.
Life's made up of good
and bad decisions.
Try and make as many
of 'em as you can good ones.
You knew I was testing you?
Testing me?
To see if you were going to be a good
enough man to be my ship mate.
Your ship mate?
Don't keep repeating what I say, son.
Clean your plate
I can teach you all you'll need
to know about pirate life and death
but you must understand
that the sea's no silly matter.
What we'll be doin'll be dangerous.
You sure you want
to take lessons from me?
Yes, sir
I'm serious, now!
I'm serious, too. I want to know it all.
My dad loved his pirate books.
Alright, good.
Then look into the fire.
Look deep into it watch, Jim.
Watch the flames dance.
Look deep into them.
See the sun on the water?
Do you see the ship?
Oh my gosh Pirates?
We're in the year 1720
Sixty five, seventy man crew.
Is that the Captain?
Quartermaster.
Elected by the crew So's the Captain.
The two of them.
Captain runs her in battle
quartermaster the rest of the time.
The Brotherhood of the Coast.
Pirates had one of the
very first democracies.
You know what a democracy
is, a true democracy?
A government run by the people?
For the people. All the people.
That's real important.
For all the people. Remember that.
Everybody gets a share in the profit.
Doesn't matter what your pedigree
is nor your religion, nor color.
Every one participates It's all laid
down in a charter they wrote up.
Rules of the Brotherhood.
We'll get this all down
on paper when we get back.
It'll be your lesson to learn.
Whoa.
Rats are every where.
You could never keep a ship dry below
decks no matter how much brimstone
and burning pitch you used.
What if they'd found us?
What is, is, Jim.
What is, is!
Are they burning their ship?
Careening her.
Beach her on a high tide
and scrape off the barnacles.
- It'll increase her speed. Give her.
- jam!
MUM?!
Get to bed.
But it's too early!
You were sound asleep
The two of you.
Take the Captain up to
room ♪2 and settle him in
We'll work out my
account in the morning.
That be alright?
Thank you. That'll be just fine.
Sorry.
Holy cow!
We were in the Caribbean!
With Pirates! On their boat!
Gosh, we're lucky they didn't see us.
But you have to be careful
Next time, who knows?
Maybe they will.
Next time?
You're repeating again.
Sorry.
Don't apologize just don't do it.
Listen. Think. Respond
Take your time.
It'll speed up as you
get used to the process.
That's a rule. Understand?
And mum's the word, alright?
My life here depends
on you keeping it a secret.
Meg'll have me shipped
out, if you don't.
Yes, sir. Listen think respond!
Remember everything
you saw, smelt, heard.
Democracy's for all the people
Write it down.
You go to school at what
nine, tomorrow?
Tomorrow's Saturday. No school.
Ah. I'm going to need
a hand with the boat.
Can you do that
and keep it to yourself?
I'll pay you wages.
You'll pay me?!
Jim!
Listen think respond
Listen think respond!
You don't have to pay me.
A dollar a day. That sound fair?
Holy cow.
Number two.
Such a fine old building.
So many secrets, I bet.
There were spies here
Escaped Slaves from America.
Tunnels in the basement.
Tunnels? Really?
My goodness
Jim.
This is the beginning
of a very long voyage.
You're going to have to keep
all your sea changes to yourself.
Can you do that?
Scout's honour!
Til the morning, Jim. Sleep tight.
Don't let the fleas bite.
Tunnels in the basement you say
I know there are tunnels, lad
and more than that
I know the treasure chests
that're hidin' in 'em!
Here it is.
You got it?
Great.
Yeah. Good, good.
Hmm.
Could I trouble you for a tea?
Sit by the fire
I'll bring you breakfast.
Eggs?
Porridge?
Porridge, please.
It's pounds sterling, ma'am.
You can change it at the bank.
We'll work out the details
when you're.
Captain, my wife Edwina.
Ma'am.
The town's here for b'fast, Meg!
Everyone's come to see him.
The lot of 'em are fools!
He's a snake oil salesman
can't you see?
For me, Meg, please
accommodate him
Harry, this here's Captain Johnson
Charles. Name's Charles.
It's a right pleasure, Charles.
We got a party line and
we heard everything was said.
Some years from now stangers'll
be saying I was there when...
You were looking to get your haircut
Harry's the barber.
Can I come in today?
I'll fit you in. There'll be a crowd.
- Saturday's my day and.
- And they'll be thrilled to see you!
Talk your ear off, they will.
Where do you hail from, Captain?
From the sea.
From the sea, is it?
You a pirate?
Sorry?
This here is pirate county
Oak Island?
Captain Kidd?
Buried treasure?
Local lore says if you asked
a pirate where he was from he'd say
from the sea.
A pirate would, would he?
There you are, young Jim.
Take your breakfast with me
Then we go to work.
Fisherman go out early here, huh?
Not these days. Not 'til dawn.
Humph!
Why?
Was wide awake.
About four. Sea'd calmed down
Up'nd listening at the window.
Couple of boats across the harbor.
Dark as pitch, couldn't see anything.
Funny talk, though
Heard 'em clear as a bell.
Pirates, maybe.
Want to show Customs this when
they come to inspect her Monday.
Leaky board under there.
Need her out of the water
to see what's up with it.
This is what they call
a sea chest? Aye.
And too big to leave in here.
What's behind that iron door there?
You can't take this off the boat?
You're not supposed to.
Them's their rules and all they are
is rules for smugglers and the like
which doesn't apply to us.
So we'll obey 'em by not telling them.
That grate's locked.
You know where the key is?
In the hall closet.
There's a good lad.
- Go grab it.
- But.
What they don't know
won't hurt them.
Not always, mind you
but in this case
yes, it won't hurt them
I'll get the key for you if you
show me what's in the trunk.
What?
You don't want to know
what's in this trunk.
You want me to break the law
I have to know what I'm doing it for.
That's a good lesson
don't you think?
Ah, Jim.
Oh, my gosh!
Careful Don't touch.
Very fragile.
How old are you?
Are you who I think you are?
Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh!
Breathe, Jim.
You're Captain Johnson
The same one who wrote.
Breathe, Jim.
Yes, sir That's real?
The Shakespeare Folio there?
And the letters of Marque?
They're yours?
Breathe.
It's not easy to breathe, Captain.
It's not easy at all
I better get the key.
Customs mustn't see this!
Not ever! Nobody must!
This go up to the inn?
Maybe. Don't know for sure.
You don't know?
A boy lives with tunnels and
he doesn't know where they go?
My grandfather said
there were three tunnels.
Said this one we're
in goes way under the kitchen.
There's a rusted shut
door at the end there.
We can't get it open.
There's another tunnel above this
that's used as our root cellar.
It's the house's proper basement.
And the third one?
Strictly out of bounds
I've never seen it.
Listened to it, though
Sounds filled with rushing water.
That what you're looking for here?
In Grey Rocks?
These tunnels?
A dollar a day might not
be enough pay for you.
The boy you took me for?
James?
He was here?
When?
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy. Wow. Gosh!
I warned you.
Captain, when my father died
I thought my life was over.
Right now?
I think it's just beginning!
They'll be covered.
You'll take me to the barber shop?
Sure.
Fire's out. Want me to build one?
No, thank you. What are you doing?
Captain's gonna get a hair cut.
Would you like a cup of tea
before you go, Captain?
No, thank you, ma'am
Just gonna wash my hands.
C'mon, Jim.
They're gettin' awful cozy...
It's for his pirate essay
Jim says he's teaching him things.
There's something amiss there.
I can smell it. Nobody listens but
Roy Moehner's going to
foreclose on the inn.
He's refused our plea
for a loan extension.
He's a bastard!
Oh...
Your mother cry a lot?
Nope. Must've been a bill.
They can make her cry.
That's why she didn't want a fire.
Wood's an extra expense.
We only have a fire Friday
and Saturday nights.
Damn it to hell for that
I'm a landlubber now
I'm frozen up at the inn there
I'll buy the wood.
Talk to her. See what she says.
Humph!
Inn's not paying its way?
No, there's a guy in town
Mr. Moehner.
He holds our mortgage and he's
trying to get the inn away from us.
What's his real name?
That's his real name. Meaner
m o e h n e r.
It looks like moaner
but it's pronounced meaner.
He runs the town
He gets what he wants.
You don't say.
Wait.
Those're the Moehners.
Heel your dog!
Good boy, Grendel!
See you in the school yard, Jeem ee.
That boy there's a bully
Mark his shifty eyes, Jim.
What?
He's bullying you?
All the time. With Grendel.
Grendel?
Grim and greedy Grendel?
They named their
dog after Grendel?
That's its name
Todd trained it to come after me.
It's true!
You saw.
It's their dad that wants the inn.
Dog's all part of his
plot to get us outta there.
If my father were alive
this would've never ever happened.
What about your Uncle Robin?
He's a policeman.
So?
So unless it's illegal he does nothing.
The talk in town is that the Moehner's
are up to something illegal Just
nobody knows what.
So Uncle Robin says
his hands are tied.
So what?
So nothing.
Hmm... The intrigues of small towns.
Life is not so complicated at sea, Jim.
Huh... Never saw one of these before.
You're who the storm blew in?
Captain Charles Johnson
I thought you weren't
permitted to leave the inn.
They said I could get my haircut.
They did did they Little crawly things
making a nest in there are they?
Safe onward travels to you
I am not going anywhere just yet.
Hi Jim.
Hi Jenny.
Is she your girlfriend?
She's my best friend. And a girl.
You look like the picture
of that Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote about the sea
in Life Magazine
I saw you reading
that magazine in there.
Where I can get some firewood?
Firewood?
Jim!
Listen think respond.
The Hirtles sell it
but if you don't pay them
they'll set your boat on fire.
Hirtles can be mean
I'm starting to like this town.
Your hat's too big for you now.
It keeps my ears warm.
Mr. Moehner, Miss Hamkins is here.
How nice to see you, Kerstin.
You can't lawfully take
my inn away from me!
Not if I make my mortgage payments
and I have until the end
of the month to do that
I know the difficulties you're having
The whole town knows.
It would be so simple
if you'd do as I ask
and restructure my note.
Company's rules won't let me.
You make the rules, Roy Moehner.
And the whole town knows that.
And they all know if you sell
I'll give you a very fair pricelf not
I'll foreclose So sell it to me.
Your Bill would want you to.
That's the last thing my Bill would
want you son of a bitch!
The inn is not for sale. Not to you.
Not now. Not ever!
Captain, I'm sorry but we do not
have fires here in the afternoon.
So Jim told me
But I've got a chill in my bones ma'am
so I've hired the Hirtles
to bring me some cordage.
It'll be my wood
but you're more than welcome
to warm yourself by it if you want
I told Jim to tell him that's not
how you do things around here.
The wind's changed.
We're on a different tack now
Right, Jim?
Seems right to me, mum
Meg, could I trouble you for
a rum and a cup of hot water?
Please put the kettle on, Meg.
You met with Mr. Moehner?
All my life I've believed the enemy
to be the Moehners of this world.
And I've dealt with them as such
I will find a way to sink his ship
ma'am. Believe me.
He will not prevail.
Meg's got my account
Please mark the rum down on it
Jim, we've got a lesson to study.
Can I ask where we're going?
Yes, you can.
Heh heh... where are we going?
Way back
I'm going to teach you about
Surprizals Write it down in your book
s u r p r I z a l.
Viking tactic
Great pirates, the Vikings.
Now look into the fire.
Where are we?
Straits a Dover.
Middle of the eleventh century.
England's over there.
Normandy's there.
Vikings called this the Northern Sea.
Is this the boat they
came to Canada in?
It is. Five hundred years
before Columbus.
Pretty good sailors, huh?
Look.
There's your pirates. She'll point her
stem into this one's aft port quarter
and then on the crest of a wave
they'll board us and the fight'll begin.
They think we've got valuable cargo.
We don't?
Surprizal, Jim. Surprizal.
See the lines dragging
over the stern?
Warps?
To slow her down?
This ship wants to be attacked
See that covered cargo?
That's not cargo!
That's it. Surprizal!
And there's no toilet close
at hand which is too bad
cause it's going to be
brown pants time
for those other fellows
when they come aboard.
Hear 'em?
That's their god Odin
they're calling out to.
They're yelling for him to let them
be in Valhalla when they die.
They're killing each other!
Yaah!
Captain!
What are you two up to?
Spark from the fire.
He jumped back Knocked over
the chair Everything's fine.
You cut yourself!
No, I didn't.
There's blood on your cheek.
Must've nicked him with my nail
when I tried to grab him damn
I'll see to it.
Supper's chowder, cheese
Brussel sprouts and bread.
Ghosts bleed?
Appears so. That Viking saw you.
Yeah! He was coming for me.
Brown pants?
Nearly.
Not funny, Captain
He was aiming to kill me!
What was the point of all that?
They got slaves out of it
another boat.
Destroyed the competition
Just business
Roy Moehner with a spear.
Surprizal! You're gonna need
it for Todd and Grendel
and we're all going to need
it for Mr. Moehner.
After tonight it'll be easy!
It's never easy. Big lesson that, Jim.
It's never, ever easy!
There's a tin whistle up by my bed.
Will you get it for this old man?
Old, yes. But you look good
all things considered.
They're doing good business, dad.
Good?
Yes but sadly all good things
must come to an end, my son.
Where is Klaus?
I want you boys to do a little
work for me tonight!
That's Black Donald's March.
That's not how it goes.
So, how does it go then?
Like this.
Like this?
Ah... better.
You have a lovely voice.
Yes, I do.
Mind your manners, boys
this here's a house of
go go go guhd repu u ute!
Can we not serve them?
Have to, I think. I'll call Robin.
Three beers, Mad Meg.
Two beers. A ginger ale for you.
But.
They come here often?
Never. Mr. Moehner
must've seen the cars
and told them to come
and make it hard for us
I propose a drink to this
to this old, really old place
and to you really
really old people in here tonight.
A drink to the future!
Oh, I beg your pardon, Madame.
We'll just drink these beers
and enjoy the antiques sitting around.
Wait a minute, where're you going?
To check the lines on the boat.
We checked them! You can't
leave my mom alone here with them.
What a good idea
to wear tartan trousers.
That the family tartan is it
Mr. McLae?
Don't you think the trousers
make you look a little fruity?
Robin says normally
it's the barman who deals with this.
Three of them against me?
Why doesn't he just come over
and stand there. That'd do it.
He knows all we've
we got here's a boy
and useless old fart of a man who's
run off at the first sign of trouble.
My boat's busted her lines
Who's a boat handler?
Are you chaps fisherman?
C'mon then, we'll get her back.
Watch your feet
Slippery as all get out.
Help me bring her in enough
so we can get a bow line on her.
Can you find a coil of line to throw
to that fellow there What's your name
Klaus.
To Klaus when he gets aboard.
Going on board.
Watch it!
What the damn hell happened?
Jesus Murphy!
Hold onto the damn line.
Sorry. Slipped.
We'll be done in a minute
Anybody found a line?
I got one here.
Give it to me quick. I'm freezing.
Secure the line.
Shut your trap or you'll be
in the drink 'n you can't swim Carl
Klaus, throw it to Jim.
Oh!
Get up off the deck, lad.
She's fast. Let's get ourselves
up to the inn 'fore we freeze
I owe you all a beer for this.
She'd a been on the
rocks without you
Jim, run see if your mum's got towels.
Everybody listen!
Give these boys a hand
of applause They're heroes.
So let me take you down to
The Sou'wester and buy you the drink.
You! Klaus, you better get yourself
into some warm clothes first.
Pneumonia's not what you want.
Captain?
You can't go!
Oh, damn, Jim! You're right, I can't.
Not 'til immigration clears me.
A rain check, then, fellows?
Alright?
A drink when I'm landed?
Get him home.
Will do.
And the young one
I saw some pie on the tables there.
Apple. Would you like a slice?
With a piece of cheddar, yes please?
And a rum?
That'd warm me up a wee bit
ma'am, thank you.
Sit by the fire and I'll bring it.
You didn't forget you couldn't
go downtown, did you?
Better coming from you than me
though don't you think?
I did think that
It was a great pleasure saying it.
You knew Todd was aiming
to have me off the end of the dock.
Hard for him to do it sitting down.
Very.
Lucky for the dog
Todd didn't bring him.
Dogs like that can't swim.
They can't?
Nope. Mass's too heavy.
They drown if they
get pushed in the water.
An enemy's an enemy, Jim.
What is, is
and you have to be ever ready
I am, sir. Did you set the safety line
or you always keep it there?
I set it.
Pity my mother'll never know.
Just you and me.
Surprizal only works
when you're a step ahead.
Really something. I loved it.
Loved what?
The thought of eating your pie.
Humph. Your boat safe?
At least for tonight.
The Hirtles might set it on fire Monday
Meg sings in the church choir?
Yes, sir
Roy Moehner goes to Church?
Front pew
I think I'll go to church tomorrow.
Get me another look at
Mr. Moehner.
Get me a good deep
look into his eyes.
Keepin' a weather eye
out for that dog?
She'd never mount an attack here.
She'll wait for a chance to ambush.
Evasion's your only tactic until
you've made a plan of Surprizal.
What do you think
I showed you that Viking attack for?
To teach me the Surprizal tactic.
Why?
To win the fight with the dog!
So?
So, It was all about killing
I don't want to kill him!
You don't?
Gosh, no!
He's a dog!
He's your mortal enemy.
Right. He is But he's still a dog!
Lucky he's not a cow or a chicken!
Then we'd kill him and eat him
wouldn't we.
Your enemy's your enemy
and you're gonna have to fight him
but you need battle plans.
One for the dog. One for Todd.
Two fronts. You have to be ready.
You don't have to kill 'em
you just have to win
I know. I'm figuring it out.
Surprizal's going to show me a way.
Okay. Coast's clear.
Here come the Moehners.
Thank you.
Your boy Klaus alright?
Just barely. Freezing cold he was.
Because he went into the bay
to save my boat I'm very grateful.
That was what it was?
He's alive not here at church
but he's alive.
Your boat set to sail off, is she?
I figure I'll stay a while
The inn's a lovely old place.
A complete wreck
but lovely. I'll renovate it.
Waiting for his mother to come
to terms with what's best for her
and this grand lad of hers.
We'll have enough money
to pay you off just as soon as
the Captain's
immigration papers clear!
Is that so?
Need to pay my bill, that's all.
Amen to paying bills.
You and your big mouth.
Moehner'll be on the phone
with Immigration in the morning
and they'll go over my Merry
with a fine tooth comb.
- Sorry. The look on his face just.
- Natural reaction
but natural reactions
can get you killed sometimes.
Remember you always have
to Listen think respond.
This's quite a car
1950 Olsmobile 98.
They say it's the only one
like it in Canada.
Must feel lonely all by itself up here.
That'll be Meg...
An angel.
Go into church
I've seen his eyes
I'll be at the boat after.
How's she look?
Bristol?
She looks alright to me.
Good. Let's put her to bed
I wanna see where that goes.
We can't let Mother know.
That where Roy Moehner lives?
That's right.
He's watching us Right now.
You can see him?
Sun's glinting off his binoculars.
What's that building over there?
That's Mr. Moehner's warehouse.
And the boats at the dock there?
Klaus's. Mr. Moehner's
Why?
Them's what I heard the first night.
Their voices. Their talk.
It came across water like they
were whispering in my ear
I'll bet they're trafficking contraband.
You think they are?
I figure maybe
Roy's the French word for king.
Did'ja know that?
Do you know
what happened to French king?
People got fed up
and cut the Roi's head off.
We're fed up!
So it'll be off with Roy's head.
You ready?
We'll go to 1719.
It's the golden age of piracy.
You ready to go there?
Now?
If we're going to cut
off the King's head
we better get prepared
I'm ready.
Scared, but ready.
It's good to be a little scared
but if we're to save this inn
we're going to have a real fight
so we should see
how the pirates fight.
Ready when you are, Captain.
Good. Into those flames we go
a sail! A sail!
Fair by us. Eastward
two points upon her weather bow.
Set the compass.
Who's that?
Calico Jack and his wife
the pirate, Anne Bonney.
Gosh. She's beautiful
she's changing course
heading south east
chase!
What's happening?
Lookout's seen a sail
Heading towards the Spanish Main.
Mon Capitaine!
C'est vraiment vous?
Vous etes avec nous?
Sure am, Pierre.
They speak French?
Some of 'em. Sure they do
capitaine johnson est avec nous!
This is my friend, Jim Hawkins.
Never been in a chase before.
You're good luck, Jim.
It's a great day
when the Captain's with us.
You long out of port, Jack?
Sixteen days
We need to bring something back.
Will we board and fight, sir?
I hope not. Come quiet
Show the black flag
not the red nose into their quarter
and hope they'll give up.
Don't want their ship. Just the cargo.
People like living
bring up the small arms!
Glad to have you with the Captain
young master Hawkins.
Sling the yards in chain?
Fore and main and the crossjack.
Can I do anything?
Watch and learn.
A lot of preparation for battle.
See if any of it applies
to our Mr. Moehner.
To a short fight, men.
To great profit and a safe trip home
God save us all!
Hurrah!
Augh!
You said rum was good. Yuck!
Raise our colours!
Fly the black flag!
Calico Jack designed this flag.
The skull and crossed swords.
Everyone uses it now.
It was his.
Look!
Be ready, Jim
I'm ready, Captain.
AH!
I'm alright!
You fools!
Find cover!
Musketman!
Ready.
Aim
fire!
Musketmen!
Ready.
Aim
we surrender!
We surrender!
Drop all your arms on deck
and prepare for boarding.
Grappling arms!
Call your men from above
One shot and we destroy you all
Jim...
Jim.
The two of you!
My goodness
I leave you alone for two seconds
and into dream land you go.
Bring those dishes over here, Jimmy
and then get up to bed
Your work all down?
She's ruined everything.
We'll go back tomorrow.
Too late. The chase'll be done!
It's a shooting star, lad
and they're never done, are they?
She'll be there for us tomorrow.
Right where we left off.
What is, is.
It's that simple. Concentrate.
Remember exactly what you saw.
Would you like a rum, Captain?
A tea, please?
And some toast?
Prepare?
I know what I saw. Preparation.
Thorough, detailed preparation.
And preparation's what we'll
need to take down Roy Moehner.
And Grendel.
Are you going to die?
I don't think so.
Good.
Go help your mum.
It's all going to be fine.
Trust me. He's a great lad, your boy.
We'll have a fight with
Mr. Moehner and his dog
but this is a fight I know how to win
and your son is learning very fast.
It'll be a battle royale!
Lots'a fireworks!
It's Monday and these officers
are here to clear you into Canada.
Oh, good. Good
How do you do?
Fine, thank you, sir Have you
carried anything at all ashore?
Uh, s s sorry?
Have you brought anything ashore?
Toothbrush. Clothes to dry out
That sort of thing.
If you want to look
come, the room's upstairs.
Captain Johnson?
Stay here, please.
They don't want to see my room?
Just your papers.
My papers?
They're on the bar there.
Oh damn. In my pocket.
Silly.
Bad night.
Get 'em now and then.
How long do you plan to stay?
The old girl's gotta come
out of the water.
Planks need to be looked
at 'fore she's safe to put out to sea
and the engine's down.
When do you plan to leave?
Uhm, spring?
You can support yourself?
Going to go to the bank as soon
as you give me permission.
Welcome to Canada.
Close to a hundred a month
once you count his rum.
And he's given a month's
security. Unheard of.
We got enough?
With some to spare.
You want me to come with you?
I'll be fine.
Just fine.
Count it!
Give me my receipt.
He's the slimiest man in the world
He smiles I want to throw up.
Roy's not going to go away easily.
Someone's called Immigration
complaining they were too easy
on the Captain They're coming back!
Roy Moehner!
If Immigration takes his permit
Roy figures you'll take
back your money and leave.
Hah! He's aiming to dismast us.
What are we going to do?
What can we do?
Prepare.
Prepare Prepare how?
For what?
Prepare for battle. Plan an attack.
We surprise our Mr. Roy Moehner.
It's a Pirate trick, mum
They call it Surprizal!
He won't expect us to attack
so we will!
We're going to attack Roy Moehner?
We shall, Mrs. Hawkins.
Roy's run of luck
may come to its end today.
All endeavors legal, of course.
Where'd he get that car from?
I don't know. Why?
It's not one that's sold in Canada.
Then how come he has it?
Have you ever seen inside
his warehouse Seen what's in it?
The one on the point no?
Why?
He's just curious, that's all.
Are you sure that car's
not sold in Canada?
Dead sure. Only in America.
Must've been brought in somehow.
Really.
You're smiling
I am, Kerstin. For sure, I am
Jim, you know what to do?
With the car?
Yes.
Don't get caught!
Be nice to them when they come.
They'll be wrapped around it.
We're all set then?
Captain?
Good luck to all of us.
You forget something, gentlemen?
We have a few more questions we'd
like to ask Captain Johnson, Ma'am.
Please let him know we've arrived.
We'll wait for him by his boat.
When the winds calm down, Shirley
Robert
I was sailing from England.
Oh! England's so
beautiful this time of year.
The air has a crisp.
Captain, you're getting
sidetracked again.
Some days are better
than others, I'm afraid
I was on a port tack
when I was caught in the storm.
Extraordinary storm.
Quite a challenge for a single hander.
- The tiller was nearly pulled.
- Captain Johnson
please focus.
Where was your
I thought you gentleman might be
in need of something wet and warm.
Captain, are these two
ruffians treating you unkindly?
If they are, tell me
and I'll get involved.
Sorry for bothering you again
about Captain Johnson.
And thanks for warming us up
Miss o'leary. Quite wonderful.
Why don't you two come in for
a bite to eat with Kerstin and me.
Now?
We'd love to, ma'am!
Thank you.
Truth be told, we're starving
Shirley still inside?
Yup, and Roy Moehner's up there too.
Tire's flat. Good.
May we have the key, please
Shirley?
Oh...
Ma'am, what is, is...
Oh my
I'll hold the key, Robin
Jim and I'll stand guard
until you come back.
Shirley'll stay here with us.
Hello, Robin.
- I have a flat tire. I wonder if you.
- Mister Roy Moehner?
Yes?
How did you get that car
that Oldsmobile 98 into the country?
Newfoundland.
A boat of mine brought it here
when they joined Confederation.
Did you think that was legal?
My lawyer assured me it was.
Lawyers advise, the choice is yours.
What's in that
warehouse on the point?
Commercial goods.
Let's go have a look then
I I I don't have a key.
We do.
You thought you could dismast us
didn't you, Mister Gentleman?
I have no idea what you're talking
about Now just get out of my way.
You going swimming?
What the hell!
We just blew your ship
out of the water, mister
and you don't even
know it sank, do you.
Well, you're about to find out!
Surprizal!
Mr. Moehner
please be advised that
we are arresting you on charges
of the illegal importation
of contraband goods
with further charges pending
surprizal! Mr. Roy Moehner.
What are you doing?
They're taking you to Halifax
I need to speak to my wife.
Kerstin will call her.
He'd been smuggling everything
fancy in for his resort. The inn.
Which means what?
Jail. He's got enough illegal booze
to keep an army drunk for years.
And our mortgage?
This seems proof of extortion.
He was a conniving cheat, a rat.
Well, now that that's done
all the inn needs is money!
We'll get it.
Don't be a shilly shally.
What a day.
There's still Grendel and Todd
I'm working on a plan
But for tomorrow.
Will we go back to Calico Jack?
We will, but tonight you need
to write your paper
and I need more rum.
Upstairs, now.
You don't burn yourself, either?
No.
But you can't fly, can you?
No, I can't fly.
But I'll tell you what I can do
I can get damn cold.
Stop doing that, Todd.
You got my dad arrested
I'm warning you, Todd.
Nyaaa! You gonna cry on me?
No, I'm not going to cry on you
I'm gonna kill your dog.
You'd really kill Grendel?
If it turned into a fight
to the death, sure
but that's not how it's
going to happen with a dog.
Hurry up, Jenny. We'll be late.
How many pages is this?
Eleven
I asked for five.
It's a big subject.
Did you do this?
Yessir.
Last time I asked you, you said
you didn't even have a paint set
I bought one
I've a part time job
brand hurry it up. We'll all drown
if you're not quick about it.
Porky!
I can't hold on for long.
Struck the water building
the foundation of it.
That's how I know about it
It opens up just twice a year.
Then the surge won't let you in.
Saw a formation like
that south of Krakatoa once.
Magical. Perfect
captain!
Jim?
I got an A+.
An A+ and that was
just on the first part.
Mr. Herkes let me have
till after Christmas to finish it
but he's given me an A+
on what I've done so far. Here.
Where's the Captain?
Down in the basement. Jim
this is wonderful.
In the basement?
Why?
He's going to write up
a history of the place
for the travel brochure
that he's going to get printed.
He said you start from
the bottom up
so that's where he is. Down there
I'm going to tell him my mark
captain johnson!
Captain Johnson?
Coming, Jim.
Hold on. I'm coming
captain!
Gimme a hand here, son
I loved that hat.
We better get out of here.
Right. We better had.
What's that?
This, lad, is a piece of eight.
This is what you came back
to Grey rocks for?
Maybe. Maybe not, though.
Maybe I came back for you
What d'ya think?
I think What is, is Captain.
What is, is.
Quick, boy.
We'll show it to mum!
Oh, to hell with it
I'm not losing that hat
after all these years
I'm going back after it
I'll put a safety line on you.
Mother. Meg. We need help!
JIM!
In here, Mom!
Are you hurt?
You scared the wits out of us, boy.
Captain, you're soaking wet!
I had to get wet.
Why?
To get you this.
It's beautiful.
And this.
Holy Mary.
Is this you done
with Grey Rocks then?
By Jove, no lad.
What with what we have
to do with the inn
with my boat, with the Moehners.
More work on your essay
I expect I'll be here for... for ages.
Do you think there's anymore
treasure down there?
I expect we'll have to
find out, won't we
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org